[Music]
well you've tried to get into the secret
supernatural service you're a whole life
now there's just one step left to reach
that goal you need to pass an exam to
prove you can handle the supernatural
and paranormal keep track of how many
answers you get right your results await
at the end a helicopter leaves you on
the shore your mission get to the other
side of the island where a lifeboat will
arrive for you seems easy enough on an
island this small but here's the catch a
few people and a lot of supernatural
monsters are the only inhabitants of
this island you see three roads with
signs near each of them the first leads
to vampires
the second road takes you to zombies the
third one leads to alligators which row
do you choose you have 10 seconds to
decide
choose the row two alligators as I said
only people in monsters live on the
island no real world creatures here you
take the third road and end up in a huge
meadow the scorching Sun is beating down
on you and you want to find some shade
fortunately you see two houses ahead
the first looks very old and decrepit
the windows are broken it's missing most
of its shutters and it looks like the
whole thing could collapse at any minute
the second house looks brand new sturdy
and clean but you notice it doesn't have
any windows at all where will you go ten
seconds on the clock
[Music]
on this strange island the second house
without windows is a sure sign that the
inhabitant is afraid of sunlight you
don't want to land in the trap of
vampires you choose the first house you
find yourself in a large room
everything's covered in cobwebs a thick
layer of dust coats the furniture and
the floor is creaky you find a can on a
table all it says is antidote you're
sure this could be useful so you put it
in your pocket you also find a bunch of
keys and go to the far end of the room
there are three doors before you Hey
there's always three the first door has
several locks on it but the keys you
found will open them the second door
clearly says werewolf inside there are
no signs on the third door and it looks
inviting clean and cobweb free which
door do you choose you're ten seconds
start now
the locks on the first door mean there
must be someone or some thing kept
inside that shouldn't be let out better
not open it if the third door has no
webs or dust on it then someone must use
it regularly it's likely the werewolf
lives there so you choose the second
door the exit leads you to a park with
trees and shrubs it's strange how quaint
it looks for a place like this you see a
group of seven people ahead they also
look totally normal but as soon as you
come closer you notice there's
definitely something off about a few of
them there's zombies how many can you
identify careful they might spot you you
only have seven seconds now
[Music]
the right answer is three that guy
trying to find his eyes that fell out
the girl on the bench is eating ice
cream with body parts in it and this man
doesn't even notice the dog biting his
leg you're afraid of zombies as much as
the next guy but the really scary thing
is those people standing nonchalantly
nearby anyway
you discreetly pass by this strange crew
and eventually come to a mountain you
climb to the top and enjoy the view of a
beautiful sunset to move on you need to
cross one of the two bridges strangers
are standing at the other end of each
one you're sure one of them is a
werewolf but who is it how can you tell
uh-oh looks like those zombies caught
your scent hurry you only have seven
seconds
you've watched the sunset which means
it'll get dark soon
tonight is a full moon so you'll be able
to see which of these people will turn
into a werewolf you've crossed the safe
bridge it's nighttime but the bright
full moon illuminates the path for you
you see a huge castle ahead
you're sure ghosts live there but you
don't care it's better to face ghosts
than stay outside with all these other
creatures you enter the castle and find
yourself at a ball eight people with
masks are dancing you realize this is a
test of your attentiveness how many of
these people are ghosts seven seconds
until you're spotted that lady is
dancing but her feet aren't touching the
floor she's floating everyone is wearing
modern dresses and costumes but that
couple over there is dressed as if
they're from the Victorian era ghosts
can't change clothes right you've
spotted three ghosts and you decide not
to interfere in their dance got to keep
moving on you come to another room you
see a huge table with a buffet of food
fried chicken french fries Pizza
vegetables fruit soda mouth-watering
desserts and pastries eight people are
sitting at the table you've worked up
quite an appetite by now and consider
having a bite but intuition tells you
something is wrong here
you realize these are all vampires but
how did you know you better decide in
five seconds
[Music]
why is all the food on the table
untouched does anyone in this room
really want to eat oh they definitely
want to die but not on ordinary food
they want your blood mm-hmm hurry run
you booked it out of there but the
vampires pursue you to be saved you need
to choose one of three rooms along the
way there's a huge fire in the first
room a pit with sharp spears at the
bottom awaits you in the second the
third room is filled with poisonous gas
which one will you choose hurry they'll
be here in five seconds the correct
answer is the room with the gas if you
breathe in the poisonous stuff the
vampires won't drink your toxic blood
but how will you save yourself oh that's
right
earlier you found an antidote you drink
it
fully recover and leave the mansion you
go through the jungle and finally find
the shore perfect you've reached your
goal that's when your joy is cut short
by the sight of three people flailing
out in the water now we can't swim
you're about to dive into the water to
save them but your intuition tells you
something's fishy here
two of them are sea monsters trying to
lure you into a trap but which ones you
have only five seconds to save the real
person one of them has webbed fingers
and that one's gills are visible but
that guy over there still needs your
help
so you save him and head back to the
shore you make a fire to keep warm
that's when a bright beam of light
shines on you from the sky
it's the helicopter here to pick you up
after the test hooray it throws a rope
ladder down you start to approach it but
then you realize something's not right
do you climb up or do you trust your
instincts you better decide in five
seconds helicopter a lifeboat was
supposed to arrive for you remember you
don't board the helicopter but
unfortunately your new friend did the
chopper quickly darts away into the
stars yes it was a UFO that's when the
lifeboat arrives Congrats you made it
off the island but is your score enough
to pass the test
zero to three points you'd have a rough
time lasting in the secret supernatural
service you need to train your attention
to detail and decision-making skills
don't worry you'll get better with
practice
four to seven points you're quite smart
and resourceful but you'll still have
some fine-tuning to do in the service
even if you're usually good at decision
making and not succumbing to panic one
slip-up could cost you 8 to 10 points
you passed with flying colors
the secret supernatural service will be
honored to have such a survival expert
among their ranks nice job but don't get
overconfident you still need to stay on
the alert in this field so cadet how'd
you do and if you learn something new
today
they give the video a like and share it
with a friend here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life